feat(drivers): VectorNav option to select IMU rate and output port (#27318)
PX4/PX4-Autopilot: docs/en/sensor/vectornav.md

### Wiring

> Connect any unused flight controller serial interface, such as a spare `GPS` or `TELEM` port, to the VectorNav UART2 port (default). If UART1 is used, set [VN_PORT](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#VN_PORT) accordingly.

Reviewer: Just my taste

```suggestion
Connect any unused flight controller serial interface, such as a spare `GPS` or `TELEM` port, to the VectorNav `UART2` port (default).
If `UART1` is used, set [VN_PORT](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#VN_PORT) accordingly.
```

### Wiring

Connect any unused flight controller serial interface, such as a spare `GPS` or `TELEM` port, to the VectorNav `UART2` port (default).

> If `UART1` is used, set [VN_PORT](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#VN_PORT) accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you can also connect to the VectorNav `UART1` port, but in this case you must set [VN_PORT](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#VN_PORT) to `1`.
```
